Add Overworld test plans (#112)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/overworld-frontend/plans/pause-menu-function.md

# Name: pause menu function

Number: U.hud.5
Version: V0.1, 2022-08-10, create test case
Author: Michael Linder
Tester: -

## Description

> This use case verifies that the pause menu sub menus work as intended.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test verifies that sub-menus inside the menu work as intended.  
```

## Precondition

> Overworld is loaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overworld is loaded.
```

## Postcondition

## Typical procedure

> 1. The tester opens the pause menu with <kbd>Esc</kbd>
> 2. The tester confirms that clicking the Achievements button opens the Achievements menu
> 3. The tester uses the scroll bar to scroll up and down
> 4. The tester confirms that clicking the back button closes the Achievements menu
> 5. The tester confirms that clicking the Keybindings button opens the Achievements menu
> 6. The tester uses the scroll bar to scroll up and down
> 7. The tester confirms that clicking the back button closes the Keybindings menu
> 8. The tester confirms that clicking the Character Selection button opens the Character Selection menu
> 9. The tester clicks the left arrow and right arrow buttons to cycle through characters
> 10. The characters are shown with different images
> 11. Only on the main Player model there is a confirm button shown
> 12. The tester confirms that clicking the back button closes the Character Selection menu
> 
> ## Alternative procedures
> 
> N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The tester opens the menu with <kbd>Esc</kbd>
2. Click the `Achievements` button and ensure it opens the `Achievements` sub-menu
3. Scroll up and down (if possible)
4. Click the `back` button to close the sub-menu and (re-)open the menu
5. Repeat `2.-4.` for the `Keybindings` submenu
8. Click the `Character Selection` button and ensure it opens the `Character Selection` sub-menu
9. Click the left arrow and right arrow buttons to cycle through characters
10. The characters have different sprites
11. Only the main Player model has a `confirm` button
12. Click the `back` button to close the sub-menu and (re-)open the menu

## Alternative procedures

N/A
```
What's the reason for 11?
I don't quite understand what you mean by that or better what the reason for that is...

Reviewer 2: there is only a button for the player we have, since we didnt implement the other characters. its just how the character selection currently works

Reviewer: As long as you adapt the test once you implement that...
